FIX: Raise error from GDALClose after write (#284)
geopandas/pyogrio: CHANGES.md

    `use_arrow=True` (#265)
-   Fix errors reading OSM data due to invalid feature count and incorrect
    reading of OSM layers beyond the first layer (#271)

> -   Raise an exception if a data source could not be written when error was not
>     raised by GDAL until closing the data source

Reviewer: Probably because I'm not a native english speaker, but it took me a few reads before I understood the sentence. Maybe this way it is easier to read?
```suggestion
-   When a datasource is written, also raise an exception if GDAL only gives an error when closing it (#284)
```
